Fix session join requirements documentation (#14416)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/moderated-sessions.mdx

the requirements, these users can observe the session in real time, participate
in the session, and terminate the session at will.

> In addition, Teleport administrators can define rules that allow users to join eachothers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Teleport administrators can [define rules](#join_sessions) that allow users to join each other's
```

> sessions from `tsh` and the Web UI. More on this [here](#join_sessions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sessions from `tsh` and the Web UI.
```
